                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (FALL 2020)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


               Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #3

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A:Chihao Yu

 
B:Xinchen Xie

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	          2          2
coding 	  	  	            8          13
writeup 	  	  	          7          5
planning (alone) 	  	  	  3          2
total (including meetings) 	20         20	  	 


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
Chihao Yu:Implementing and debugging part of the ghost cell exchange algorithm and running the batch of different geometry.
Xinchen Xie: Implemented 1D and 2D communication. Implemented Optimization. Completed part 1 2 3 of the report.
(b) Did you complete the assignment?
    Yes.
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
  Chihao Yu: strength:always eager to learn, weakness: took me some time to understand whole idea
  Xinchen Xie: strength: coding and debugging ability, weakness: credit management
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
  Our team organized the meetings and code writing pretty well.
(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
Chihao Yu:Learned how MPI can reduce the total time and increase Gflops
Xinchen Xie: Learned MPI and use of expanse.
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
Chihao Yu:I think overall we did really well, really good team
Xinchen Xie: no complaint.
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
No


